hey YouTube how's it goin this is
nostalgia holic today's episode we're
gonna take a closer look at the Nintendo
Power issue - this is really cool I love
these retro into the power magazines I
think that our work is fantastic it's
what I find going through these so I
just wanted to share with you guys let's
take a closer look at this this issue
came out on September and October of
1988 so here's a closer look at an
attempt at I'll race you to came out
what's interesting about the earlier
issues were there they came out once
every two months rather than monthly so
this one came out in September and
October of 1988 as this castlevania
castlevania - Simon's quest is obvious
on the cover you know I remember as a
kid I was kind of freaked out by this
cover because you know I was about seven
years old and I'm like dude why is he
holding the cycles has kind of a scary
cover as a kid on the back you got an
average you know thing for the
controllers power tools to get the max
pad you get the advantage whatever as
well so let's take a closer look at this
this is a pretty good decent shape and
serious twenty two years old
a lot of the old school advertisements -
this is kind of cool this opens up it's
like a calendar and it tells you what
you know it's have some kind of game
kickoff fall with these exciting game
releases so this is basically it's it's
when games are being released so I
didn't know this but October 11th is
Mario's birthday interesting that's kind
of cool here's a demo content yeah
Bionic Commando life force Simon's quest
25 these are the page numbers okay
remember Nestor that's cool
I think he's only in one game however I
think it was Nestor's bowling for the
Verto boy I might be wrong on that but
Bionic Commando this is an interesting
game for sure big Edward has made it is
the clip detail that it's awesome even
the heart work you don't see this in
today's issues different strategies
tactics and stuff like that I were like
how they put the map together
it stops you through all the levels it's
call number life force this is a Konami
game I believe you know it's related
kind of to the Contra series I believe I
might be wrong on that but you guys me
now again the big hit this is Simon's
quest console via Skype interesting game
big Castlevania fan shows you the
different weapons you got again show you
different you know different levels map
of the ancient world so this is a closer
it opens up it's cool Bionic Commando
pad poster ok talks about Super Mario
Brothers 2 which is also featured on the
first issue as well Shido keyed up heat
panic is removing those change the
characters up it's interesting hell it's
house it kind of like that it's weird
but essentially how they took
screenshots and kind of you know puzzles
together it's true interesting renegade
RC pram I love our sopran look at the
artwork on this awesomer these remote
control cars is really fun game there's
an RC Pro to as well but this is what
favorite inside games growing up looking
for a good racing game this is
definitely get one for Nintendo so use
different tracks here's the kind of
secret codes for no different different
games and then of course had like an
ester comic ryan looks like he's got the
zelda a link here link hang on and it's
kind of funny this is a telerj corner so
first class so it gives you different
class this is resolved this type of
Zelda sue my brother's Metroid cadet
dress call ego 13 top secret episode
we're looking at these in the graphics
just amazing factory day right
master-blaster video shorts
it's minion Jones fighting golf
Leviathan cake got a funny name for a
xenophobe I thought for links and 243 is
a classic adventure island hardest game
and then the classic stocky compact man
in defender to just talk about the
classic jobs all that arcade ports
Nintendo just kind of cool so I like
these different columns Galaga
so does this keep our eye on the pack
watch we'll give you a glimpse into the
future with all the hottest news how's
it coming next for the best loser but
games are released yet detective Noble
classics WrestleMania Star Trek 513
horrible game Bubble Bobble is
absolutely classic California games is
awesome Turtles is awesome
total kid is better and then you can
obviously a subscribe near the grand
grand prize winner you win Ness game
library for your choice that's that's
right 10 hot games and then you also can
win it you know TV or you give up
control car that's sure that's awesome
you see the power set so this is a Power
Pad did you just call it power Sam okay
it's cool
television previews and I watch TV 101
Dirty Dancing talked about current
sports time with interesting people
writing into him archives different
scores and stuff right that almost
almost a million points almost ten
million points on on Moria somewhere
whether this crazy top 30 games you got
Zelda yeah punch-out Metroid's my
brother's kid records Double Dragon I
saw he's my fun game my fingers all
weeks or playing it though I read
baseball and bought this all classics
winning game anyway coming up check the
go-to blaster master giant holiday
giveaway Senate friends for a reason
keep space power and there's another
different thing need a free power pin
awesome anyway guys thanks for watching
til next time take care bye